The Joe Rogan experience. Good luck. That's right.
There are people out there that actually want credit for coming up with an idea
that they didn't come up with. There are people out there that want like,
like show runners, right? That step in,
after someone's created a pilot and they say, I want created by credit, seen it.
And then I'll, I'll run the shutdown dance.
That is one of the most bonkers things you've ever seen the conversation and a
room.
And then a year later you got to show and that person will show up and Sue you.
Oh yeah. And it's happened. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um,
well I knew a dude who, uh,
submitted a script to a major Hollywood production company. Um,
they turned them down and then they went ahead and made the, made the movie.
Yeah. And they made the movie, it was a blockbuster with big time stars.
He sued them. He won, he should've went. And he got his name on the book.
On the movie. Yeah. Well that's yeah.
That's fair because people do that all the time. A lot of times,
if you're not a writer and you're an executive,
you're under so much pressure to come up with an idea,
somebody comes up with an idea and you're like, that's a good idea we could,
but I got a better, we could add some to it. Right.
But you're supposed to have a deal you're supposed to make. It's called.
Don't take what doesn't belong to you. Don't be a thieving. Cut.
Don't be a theater. The movie was the Expendables. Yeah. It's very, the guy was,
he was a writer for, uh, he was a, a student of Eddie. Bravo's really? Yeah.
So I was around when the whole thing was going down. Wow. We're all like, whoa,
they stole your idea. They just jacked it. Well,
speaking of the expandables, you know, my new favorite person is allegedly.
I should say allegedly to all the things I've just said.
I don't know if this is true. It could have been a big, giant lie.
Someone was on Adderall and just started lying. My favorite one,
my new favorite person is a guy named, sliced alone.
He went to his house for the fights. Like I learned some about him. It was me.
David Blaine showed up and you got to have him on the podcast. Dude,
Blaine shut up and did magic that let's,
don't pay the rest of my life and not have David Blaine on the pocket.
Just saying fine. I'm just saying, he'd be a great guest. Don't get me wrong.
And I think you'd like it. I don't like you telling what to do. I'm just saying,
bro, this have to have a month. Is that like that picture?
I told his daughter to take that picture and I just got,
cause I wanted to jump in while they were all doing that.
And it was just me and behind them. How thick is the loan's hair?
That is preposterous. It looks fantastic. How is it still so good.
A couple of things about sly. You don't know here, so good. Cause he's slide.
I think he has like someone who like does him up before the picture,
like he knows you guys are coming over.
So he has his hairdresser like puff it all up.
He looks at shows up like that and just looks, you know,
I like how he's got the J little shirt on too. Great sense of humor. Oh he does.
I, I interviewed him once for a spike TV.
He was hilarious if someone heckled and he goes, Hey ma oh yeah,
he's got an a on top of that. He's I know I'm on Sasha.
I I'm, I'm not cool in that group. Well, there's Arnold. So solemn.
Cause he was watching the fight.
He didn't give a about any fights is very important,
but he's also really cool when you talk to him, I'm sure.
But me and Taleah Talia goes like this to me.
We're sitting there with all those legends and Leah goes like this. He goes,
I got weird going on in my chest, man. I feel weird.
He didn't know what to do with all this hilarious Frank Grillo is,
some of them are done. And they're like, what about me man? Oh my God.
He's trying to poke his head. Could you, do you get any more famous?
Imagine being a fly on that wall, you know,
it's still on is really good at besides horseback riding world-class horseback
rider so I can. No, man, I just made that up. No painting. Oh,
me, me delete Ashley about it. Me delete David Blanton.
Frank Grillo are following him around his house. Like a cup, like beta,
like Hmm.
Like little puppies as he's pointing to his insane
paintings that he's made himself. Oh dude, sells them for,
I won't even go to how much I went. How much you sell it for?
And the number he gave me, I went, of course. And I looked at Frank and I went,
Frank, I'm going to tell you, why are you asking him nothing?
I asked personal thoughts. Cause I asked personal questions of, you know,
cause I wanted one. Okay. But don't you feel weird saying, Hey man,
how much money do you make? No, I said, well, I said, I said,
if I wanted to buy, like you sell these, he goes, yeah, I go,
can you give me a ballpark figure? And the ballpark figure, I went, oh that's,
I'll never be able to buy that. But they were so,
so you should live your life and your goal should be having enough money.
So it seems reasonable to buy a Stallone painting.
That's what I thought should be your, those paintings. He's a great painter.
That's actually kind of cool. What is that? What's going on 10 o'clock um,
that's a dude's back. Notice that I don't know if he's a great painter. Ooh,
it's so good. Is that supposed to be him? I looked at,
I looked at Grillo and I got mad. I went, Hey, I'm a loser.
I'm going to get myself together. I got to do something else.
The guy does a lot of. Is that, did he take a, did he paint himself?
It's getting mixed in with oh, pictures of him. Paintings of him. Yeah.
No he's a look, man. The guy wrote Rocky and then would not accept them.
Having anybody else play the character when he was nobody,
he's got steel. Uh, Blaine plane took a video of me listening to them.
As you read the first page of the Rocky script in is in this office.
I would've ran through that wall. Like the Kool-Aid man.
Like I can't Boone.
I can't, I gotta get out.
He told us a story about how Joe Frazier came in to audition for it,
for the Apollo creed thing. And, and he said, he said, you know, I wanna,
you know, we decided to do some boxing, just, just to have him, you know?
Cause they were going to be fight scenes. And he said, he said, I tried to,
he goes, D Frazier started tapping me in different places. And I,
he literally was just like, what the is going on?
It was like getting caught in a buzzsaw saw. I was like, wait,
this is not going to work at a movie. What the are you doing? And then, and it,
same thing with Roberta Duran. He, you know, he's like boxing a little bit.
And he said, I started getting hit like in so many different places that it's,
I, I felt like it was in a washing machine.
The way he tells the story is all of those guys. They know what
[inaudible] and Peyton. Yeah. He's interesting.
His daughters are great too. He's a, yeah, he's a,
he's a really fascinating guy. Very, very unusual guy.
And the thing about him is like,
he's done so many of these big blockbuster hits that.
I think people forget that he can actually act.
If you go back and watch Rocky one, you go,
oh like this guy's a really good dude.
He was in Rocky one, man, you got to see like who he was, you know,
young guy. Well, the first blood, when he got that script,
he's the one who said, because he was a homicidal maniac, the character.
And he said, he said, this isn't going to work. He's got to be a killer.
But specifically you can't just kill everybody.
He's got to have a philosophy behind why he does this.
I love that movie. Yeah. That's that's young, angry,
skinny faced alone. Ah, look at them. Cheeks son. He was 1 65,
I think when he made that. I believe it. Yeah.
Fascinating character in Hollywood. I mean,
you've never had a guy with the longevity that Sylvester's 45 years, 45.
He's still making action movies. He's 150,000 years old.
He's still making action movies. Yeah. Bill Burr was there.
He's been there the two times I've been there and bill, bill, bill,
bear went to the house. Yeah. He's he's there every time.
So good bill goes I'm I'm listen, I'm standing like a loser.
It Stallone it's Schwarzenegger. And I think, uh,
D uh Pachino and they're talking, it's my childhood. And I'm I kind of in,
I'm standing in that group sort of, and I'm like this and I,
I don't want to say anything. I want to say anything. Just so though, um, no.
With some of your esoteric knowledge so badly, so badly.
I w I was, I wasn't even listening. I was like, well, can I say, Hey,
you guys ever read a Chomsky, Chomsky, whatever. Anyway,
look a loser. And Pillbra walks up behind me. Bill walks up here,
the new Rambo, just playing that most recent work I'm writing.
Joey Diaz said that this is Roadhouse on steroids. He was Joe Rogan.
Listen to me. It was movies. Amazing. He's want to see it.
It's it's Roadhouse on steroids. It's incredible. You'll love it. He goes,
get high to the gills. Look at this. Ooh,
boy, he's gonna kick. He beats all those guys off. Cause he does.
That's a lot of guns to have to shut your, I don't know, bro. Shut your mouth.
I'm a fan, but still like he's, he's drawn available. Oh,
it's a hundred percent realistic. you, man. You ain't even ask.
What do you hate America? All I want to do is shoot an explosive.
Since he loved those communists. You were talking about dude. I swear.
I don't man. He booby traps. This house. everybody up, chopping them up.
Ah, dude, you draw first blood and he'll draw last blood.
He got real lean a few years back, like crazy lean.
He was playing this, uh, thing. He was playing a Hitman and uh,
it was actually a pretty good moving interesting movie. Like, uh,
like it didn't get enough credit. Like what was the bullet to the head?
That's it bullet to the bullet to the head was a pretty good action movie,
but oh. But look how lean he got? Oh, he got like,
like triathlete. Lean. Yeah. Not, well, no, CrossFitter CrossFit early.
I asked him if he had any injuries from all this,
he goes to his phone and showed me. He showed me a spine and all the operations.
I mean, he's been so it, bumps on my neck. Like Reagan's dying. Um,
I think it is, Hey, I'm watching this movie as soon as I get home. Of course,
who else is allowed to be that big in handsome dude? Only days of my mom.
My mom was the best looking man on the planet. I think. Yeah.
I think he is in this movie. We want to look like that. Yeah. But yeah, this,
this was not that long ago, but it was a good movie. Like a good solid,
you know, action movie. Yeah. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. Look,
I'm a Stallone fan. I've been watching that guy's movies forever.
But what I liked about this, it's a Walter Hill film too.
What I liked about this movie was, I mean, not just liked about it,
but that Stallone got like super crazy lean. Yeah. Like he was, uh,
he looked into [inaudible] accounts Slater. There you go, buddy. Full stop.
Silver walks up to me right behind me. As I'm listening to these guys,
trying to get him the car and he goes like this, he goes, Hey,
you've been here for an hour already. Get over it.
Just keep squawking.